# Filters by name and/or resource tag (WIP)

**aaronsteers** commented *Apr 17, 2020*

Note: this is still a work in progress and I would invite others to contribute as well.

The PR would add four new CLI arguments:

* `resource-name-pattern`
* `exclude-resource-name-pattern`
* `require-resource-tag`
* `exclude-resource-tag`

Notes:
* Each pair of arguments is mutually exclusive.
* The name pattern filters would accept regex.
* The resource tag filters would accept either of the following:
    * a tag name passed by itself
        * _(i.e. `my-special-project-tag` would match `my-special-project-tag=1` as well as `my-special-project-tag=true`)_
    * a tag name followed by a colon and a regex pattern for matching values
        * _(i.e. `my-project-name:happ.*` would match `my-project-name=happiness` as well as `my-project-name=happenstance`)_

Resolves #103, resolves: #38, resolves: #88
<br />
***


**aaronsteers** commented *Apr 17, 2020*

@yorinasub17 and @brikis98 - You were both auto-added as reviewers. Before we continue with the implementation, could you kindly take a look at the spec and the CLI interface proposed? Any omissions/issues you can foresee with this approach?

Thanks!
***

**aaronsteers** commented *Apr 17, 2020*

I believe I am close on S3 buckets but if I understand the codebase correctly, we may need to write a separate function similar to `getS3BucketTags` [here](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/pull/109/files#diff-eb6be04d37bbd846d321a3a4d44dcff8R40) for all different resource types which support tags. Does that sound correct?
***

**brikis98** commented *May 22, 2020*

@aaronsteers Apologies for missing this. I think the `WIP` label made me ignore it entirely! I'm super booked this week, but will try to take a look in the next few days.
***

**yorinasub17** commented *May 26, 2020*

> Would this approach work for cleaning up, for example, test IAM roles in our accounts, without deleting the IAM roles we need to actually access those accounts?

I don't quite have the time to do a deep dive, but after a cursory look into the UX here, I think this will work for that use case, but it will be tedious to use to replace our internal script. The main issue is that we have different patterns for each of the resources, so a single global filter isn't really what we want, so we will end up calling `cloud-nuke` multiple times with different filters restricted to the relevant resources.
***

**brikis98** commented *May 26, 2020*

Ah, OK, yea, that's the key: this PR assumes we want all resources to be filtered using the same set of names/tags, whereas I imagine most real-world cases, you'd want one sets of names/tags for EC2 instances, another set of names/tags for IAM roles, another set for S3 buckets, and so on.

@aaronsteers Any thoughts on whether the CLI args could be accommodated to support that? Or is the only sane way to to move to a config file as described in #108?
***

**aaronsteers** commented *May 26, 2020*

@brikis98 - For my part, and for my intended use case, I would like this to be feasible with the CLI, even without a config file.

My own use case is such that I'm using Terraform for deployments, and I already have added the means to run the deployment with a single project-wide tag and also a single project-wide name prefix. I would recommend that for users of the tag-based or name-based filtering should adopt a similar strategy of adding a single tag to ALL resources they are deploying. This can be a "project_name=my-project-A" tag or similar, or it can be that all deployed resources have a common name prefix. (And ideally both are true.)

Other Details:
 - For resources which don't support a "name" but _do_ support "tags", we can check for a tag named "Name" and follow the rules according to the "Name" tag.
 - For resources which don't support tags, those would be reliant on a name-based match. I don't see any way around this but it's one of the resources I wanted to also support name matching.
   - **Q:**  Do we have a list of resources which don't support tags? I had thought ECS clusters were in this bucket of "untaggables" but on recent check, I see that they (now?) do support tags.


***

**aaronsteers** commented *May 26, 2020*

In regards to supporting multiple tags or name patterns, I think this approach does expect that the initial deployment is keeping in mind also the afterwards needed cleanup. In other words, because we know we need to be able to isolate and (confidently!) nuke the resources we are creating, we therefor are exercising an upfront naming strategy AND/OR tagging strategy. 

In an ideal world we'd be nuking the full account, as cloud-nuke usage would otherwise require. However, due to constraints we are deploying side-by-side with other resources that should _not_ be nuked at the same time. (In my case the constraints are: limit to number of AWS accounts, and desire to reuse one account for multiple projects.) The only way I can see to have high level of confidence is to establish a naming or tagging strategy upfront which supports this later cleanup.

Another use case as raised by @brikis98, if I understand correctly, would be deleting created resources (for instance, the IAM roles and other resources created by `terraform apply`) but not deleting the IAM roles used by Terraform itself to run that apply. This is met by one of the following two strategies:

1. applying a tag or name prefix to everything deployed via `terraform apply` so that they can be easily identified or cleaned up afterwards.
2. applying a tag to the resources ***not*** deployed by `terraform apply` - for instance, a "do_not_nuke" flag to the account Terraform is using - and then skipping over any resources that have that excluded flag.

Does this sound reasonable for your use cases as well or would we need a more ad-hoc strategy with additional flexibility?
***

**aaronsteers** commented *May 26, 2020*

@yorinasub17 - what do you think about the above in regards to your use case? If not feasible to apply a single tag (or small number of tags) globally to everything deployed, would it be feasible to leverage an exclude-tag pattern instead? 

Follows on this comment: https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/pull/101#discussion_r402139387
***

**yorinasub17** commented *May 26, 2020*

My 2 cents are that I don't see anything wrong with supporting these global filters configured by the CLI in cloud-nuke, but I am not sure we will be using it internally, and would prefer to have the config file based approach proposed in https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/pull/113 along the side.

I unfortunately don't have the time at the moment to explain why your approach doesn't quite work for us, but the tl;dr is that we have a mix of legitimate terraform generated resources, legitimate manually created resources over the years, and cruft resources we don't need created by test failures in our automated test suite for terraform modules we maintain spread across 100s of repos. We're passed the point where we can use tagging to distinguish all three without an expensive effort to audit all our resources, so what @brikis98 is referring to is our short term stop gap that is selecting just a small subset of resources that we know for sure are test related, which unfortunately translates to dozens of regex patterns for each resource as they come from different modules.
***

**brikis98** commented *May 27, 2020*

@aaronsteers Perhaps  the way to make this a bit more general is to allow specifying the resource type(s) for each name/tag pattern.

Examples:

```bash
# Delete all resources that have a name that starts with `test-`
cloud-nuke --resource-name-pattern 'test-*'

# Delete all EC2, IAM, and S3 resources that have a name that starts with `test-`
cloud-nuke --resource-name-pattern 'test-*':ec2,iam,s3
```

I'm not sure that's the prettiest syntax, but something of that sort would support the use case we have internally and still work from the CLI. In the future, if we add a config file, the exact same underlying logic would work with the config file too.
***

**ina-stoyanova** commented *Sep 28, 2021*

Just bumping this PR to see if it makes more sense to close it at this time? It seems like we can't proceed forward. Thoughts?
***

**aaronsteers** commented *Sep 28, 2021*

@ina-stoyanova and @brikis98 - I've closed this PR since it's stale at this point and should be reevaluated in the context of the config files mentioned above. I've moved onto other projects now but will reopen/revise if I see a value on future projects to do so.

Thanks for all your help!
***

**ina-stoyanova** commented *Sep 29, 2021*

thanks @aaronsteers! 
***

