# Refactored S3 test cases to remove repetition and use table drive tests

**saurabh-hirani** commented *Apr 18, 2020*

The current code for `s3_test.go` has the following issues:

- Test cases which should be subtests are added as individual tests.
- Testing var `t` is passed throughout the code and should be consolidated to be used only with tests.
- There is no support for table drive tests to make it easier to add more test cases.
- While we are testing only **list** and **nuke** operations for buckets, it is not apparent from the test cases. 

Refactored the code to fix the above issues. This has no impact on the current functionality as only the `s3_test.go` file has changed. This activity is also to ensure that adding cases for tagged and named deletions in the future is easier. 
<br />
***


**saurabh-hirani** commented *Apr 27, 2020*

@yorinasub17 @brikis98 - can you please check and let me know if this looks okay? Thanks. 
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *May 5, 2020*

@brikis98  @yorinasub17 - updated as per feedback. 
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *May 6, 2020*

> This removes one layer of indirection and should help make it much easier to follow what is going on. What do you think?

Thanks - that would lead to cleaner code. Fixed it. 
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *May 6, 2020*

@yorinasub17 - updated as per feedback. 
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *May 13, 2020*

@yorinasub17 - just wanted to check if the above looks good - I have updated the code as per your feedback. Thanks. 
***

**yorinasub17** commented *May 23, 2020*

Hi @saurabh-hirani apologies for the delay on this. I've been super booked this month and haven't had the time to look at this. I am hoping to be able to review this again next week.
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *Jun 1, 2020*

> Apologies for the long review cycle this time. I had to put this off multiple times, but finally had the time to look. This is very close, but had a few style nits.
> 
> I am committed to moving this across the finish line in the next two weeks. Let me know if you are not able to handle the updates, and I can try to find time to apply them myself.

Thanks @yorinasub17 - will check out the changes today and reply back in the next 1-2 days. 
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *Jun 1, 2020*

@yorinasub17 updated as per feedback and added comments. Please check and let me know if this looks good. 
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *Jun 11, 2020*

@yorinasub17 - can you please review the above changes and provide feedback if any more changes are required?
***

**yorinasub17** commented *Jun 11, 2020*

Apologies for the delay. I had been snoozing this and lost track of it amongst all the other things on my plate. I just took a pass and the updates look reasonable, so kicked off a build.

If that passes, we can go ahead and merge this in. Thanks!
***

**yorinasub17** commented *Jun 11, 2020*

Ok build passed! Will merge this in. Thanks for your contribution!
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *Jun 11, 2020*

Thanks @yorinasub17 and @brikis98 for the feedback!
***

