# Add config option for complex matching against s3 buckets

**rhoboat** commented *May 5, 2020*

Addresses https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/issues/108

Purpose
-------
Allow terminating AWS resources via more complex matching rules via a config file. 

Scope
------
This PR is scoped to support nuking s3 buckets based on matching by name.

CLI changes
-------------
I propose we allow something like this:

```sh
cloud-nuke aws --config path/to/file.yaml
```

Yaml config format
-----------------
The structure of the config should reflect the way AWS describes resources. S3 buckets have names and regions, so for the scope of this project:

```yaml
s3:
  include:
    names_regex:
      - ^alb-alb-.*-access-logs$
      - ...
```

The proposed format at a meta level is this:
```
[RESOURCE_TYPE]:
  [include | exclude]:
    [FIELD_PLURAL][_regex]:
      - [ list of matchers ]
         OR
     [key]: [value]
```
where
  * `resource_type` can be `s3`, `iam_role`, etc. _We are punting on supporting `region` for now._
  * `include` has rules that a resource must match to be nuked
  * `exclude` has rules that a resource must not match to be nuked
  * matching key looks like:
    * `tags_regex`: would accept a list of regular expressions
    * `names_regex`: would accept a list of regular expressions
    * `regions` (assumes plaintext, exact matching)
  * for resources like `ec2_instance`, we need to support key-value maps
    * e.g. `Name: ^test_.*`

Looking Ahead
---------------
<details><summary>[expand]</summary>

Eventually, we might support something like:

```yaml
ec2_instance:
  include:
    tags_regex:
      Name: ^test_.*

iam_role:
  include:
    names_regex:
      - ^test_.*
      - ^cloud-nuke-TestListEksClusters-.*

s3:
  include:
    names_regex:
      - ^alb-alb-.*-access-logs$
```

The following would nuke _only_ s3 buckets matching the `names_regex` but that are not in `us-west-1`, if called with `cloud-nuke aws --resource-type s3 --config path/to/config.yaml`:

```yaml
s3:
  include:
    names_regex:
      - ^alb-alb-.*-access-logs$
  exclude:
    regions:
      - us-west-1
```

</details>


How to test locally
-------------------

<details><summary>[expand]</summary>

1. Clone this repo in your regular development directory (no need to use $GO_DIR)
1. Log into nuclear wasteland (if you need access we need to grant it to you)
1. Run some commands like:
    * `go run main.go aws --resource-type s3 --config config/mocks/s3_cleanup.yaml`
    * try the command with/out `resource-type` option
    * try the command with/out `config` option
1. Run tests against sandbox environment, locally:
    * ```sh
      cd {repo}/aws
      houston exec sandbox -- go test -v -run TestFilterS3
      ```

</details>



Summary of trial project
--------------------------

<details><summary>[expand]</summary>

Notably completed today:
- [x] Add `--config path/to/file.yaml` support to the command line.
- [x] Add support for a simple config yaml including s3 buckets by name, using regexp.
- [x] Confirm via manual testing that these following commands work:
    - `go run main.go aws`: nuke all s3 buckets
    - `go run main.go aws --config ./config/mocks/s3_include_names.yaml`: nuke only s3 buckets in all regions that match any of the regexps.
    - `go run main.go aws --config ./config/mocks/s3_include_names.yaml --region us-east-1`: nuke only s3 buckets in us-east-1 that match any of the regexps.

Notably not done:
- [x] Add test coverage in `config/config_test.go`
- [ ] Support other kinds of keys in the yaml config, like `exclude_names_regex`, `exclude_names`, and `include_names`.

Of course this is still far from complete, but might set some ground work for the future. There are still a few TODOs in the code that signal what might be worth checking. One caveat to mention: I haven't written `go` in years and was never an expert, so some of the conventions might be lost on me. (But that doesn't make it any less fun for me!)
</details>
<br />
***


**yorinasub17** commented *May 5, 2020*

> I'm not sure if the aws specifier is important to include, so could it be this?

IIRC, `urfave/cli` (the CLI framework we are using) is not ergonomic enough in the argument parsing such that if you do the latter option, you have to always provide it there before the subcommand. This may or may not be intuitive. E.g.:

```
cloud-nuke --config /path/to/config aws --region us-east-1
```

Given that, I think it would probably be better to repeat the args for each subcommand for CLI consistency.
***

**rhoboat** commented *May 5, 2020*

@yorinasub17 Updated the description to reflect that. Thanks for explaining why that's important.
***

**yorinasub17** commented *May 5, 2020*

> I propose we use a config format that is universal, consistent with whatever we might already be using elsewhere, and something users use a lot. Does yaml fit the bill?

Yaml makes sense to me!

> I propose we use the _filter to be clear, but I'm open to thoughts here.

I prefer being more explicit, e.g. `include_names_regex`. This makes it clear that:
- Each entry is a regex.
- The regex is for inclusion, and not exclusion. This also allows us to expand to include `exclude_names_regex` in the future.
- The regex matches on names.
***

**yorinasub17** commented *May 5, 2020*

NIT: `tag_filter` should be a map instead of a list of maps -

```
ec2_instance:
  tag_filter:
    Name: ^test_.*
```
***

**rhoboat** commented *May 5, 2020*

> I prefer being more explicit, e.g. `include_names_regex`. This makes it clear that:
> 
>     * Each entry is a regex.
> 
>     * The regex is for inclusion, and not exclusion. This also allows us to expand to include `exclude_names_regex` in the future.
> 
>     * The regex matches on names.

So, the yaml format could be something like this:
```
[resource_type]:
  [include|exclude]_[field_plural]_[format]:
    - [ list of matchers ]
```

Maybe we assume plaintext matching if they only specify `include_names`? Or we require `include_names_plaintext`?

About the `ec2_instance` one, I don't think the `Name: ^test` makes sense, how about this?
```yaml
ec2_instance:
  include_tags_regex:
    - ^test_.*
```

***

**yorinasub17** commented *May 5, 2020*

> About the ec2_instance one, I don't think the Name: ^test makes sense, how about this?

Well, tags are key-value pairs so what you want to do is filter by tags that match keys and values. So you either need to be specific about matching the tag keys (which I think is what you were going for in the alternative proposal), or matching values of specific tags (which is what I was going for in my suggestion). Does that make sense?

EDIT: To put another way, I think you need two kinds of tags filters. One for matching keys, and one for matching the key-value pair. This is similar to the AWS filters system.
***

**yorinasub17** commented *May 5, 2020*

> Maybe we assume plaintext matching if they only specify include_names? Or we require include_names_plaintext?

I think assuming `include_names` as plain text, exact matches is a reasonable assumption to make. ðŸ‘ 
***

**rhoboat** commented *May 5, 2020*

Okay, I get it now about the key-value pair matching, for tags. Updating the description now.
***

**rhoboat** commented *May 5, 2020*

Supporting `regions` as a high level "resource type" is a little bit inconsistent with the rest of the config format. I think we could hash that out later? Maybe regions are just special.

I think everything else feels consistent enough. Let me know if we want to move forward with implementing something for nuking s3 buckets by name.
***

**yorinasub17** commented *May 5, 2020*

+1 to focusing on just the s3 names filter and punting on supporting regions!
***

**rhoboat** commented *May 5, 2020*

@yorinasub17 Okay! Great. Updated the description with what we've discussed.
***

**yorinasub17** commented *May 5, 2020*

The updated description LGTM!
***

**rhoboat** commented *May 6, 2020*

@yorinasub17 Thanks so much for your comments! I don't have time to take care of those concerns at the moment. But they will be helpful for the future.

I've updated the PR description with wrap-up comments (collapsed in a Summary). :tada:

Thanks, all!
***

**rhoboat** commented *Jun 10, 2020*

- [x] Added some test coverage
- [x] Supports `exclude:` now
***

**rhoboat** commented *Jun 10, 2020*

@yorinasub17 Rerequested review from you, but note there are still todos, marked with checkboxes.
***

**rhoboat** commented *Jun 11, 2020*

This is the last item remaining:

- [x] Add an integration test with the `getAllS3Buckets` function to make sure the filtering logic works
***

**rhoboat** commented *Jun 12, 2020*

@brikis98 @yorinasub17 Could use another review, possibly someone to pull and run this, too. I noticed we can't delete s3 buckets that have no region, such as the two buckets that are currently stuck in our nuclear wasteland account. Even the AWS UI doesn't let me delete them.
***

**zackproser** commented *Jun 12, 2020*

> @brikis98 @yorinasub17 Could use another review, possibly someone to pull and run this, too. I noticed we can't delete s3 buckets that have no region, such as the two buckets that are currently stuck in our nuclear wasteland account. Even the AWS UI doesn't let me delete them.

Happy to guinea pig this at some point. I haven't used cloud-nuke yet so it would be good learning for me. LMK if there are specific configs / accounts you'd like flexed!
***

**rhoboat** commented *Jun 12, 2020*

@zackproser I'm using the nuclear wasteland account, and if you look at s3_test.go, search for `Filter` you'll find a test that runs through 3 different types of mock config files. The config_test.go file also references a bunch of mock config files in the config/mocks dir. Look through there to see what kinds of things I'm testing.

I'd love if we found a config file that actually breaks functionality.

I have updated the description to describe how to pull and run and test this out!
***

**yorinasub17** commented *Jun 12, 2020*

Looks like the CI build failed on `TestFilterS3Bucket_Config`, with error:

```
--- FAIL: TestFilterS3Bucket_Config (17.52s)
    --- FAIL: TestFilterS3Bucket_Config/Exclude (10.54s)
        s3_test.go:560: 
            	Error Trace:	s3_test.go:560
            	Error:      	Not equal: 
            	            	expected: 6
            	            	actual  : 7
            	Test:       	TestFilterS3Bucket_Config/Exclude
```

This runs in phxdevops, so perhaps there's a bucket in there that is matching?
***

**rhoboat** commented *Jun 15, 2020*

When I run this locally against phxdevops there are 191 buckets matching `config/mocks/s3_exclude_names.yaml` so that can't be what's happening, right?

```sh
houston exec dev -- go run main.go aws --resource-type s3 --dry-run \
  --config config/mocks/s3_exclude_names.yaml
```
***

**rhoboat** commented *Jun 15, 2020*

Just fyi, we are running against the sandbox account, I believe. Unless these labels are wrong..

```
Using environment variables from project settings and/or contexts:
  ...
  SANDBOX_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=**REDACTED**
  SANDBOX_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=**REDACTED**
```
***

**rhoboat** commented *Jun 15, 2020*

This last test run passed. Rerunning.
***

**rhoboat** commented *Jun 15, 2020*

Running these tests locally against both phxdevops and sandbox. 

e.g.:
```sh
cd cloud-nuke/aws
houston exec sandbox -- go test -v -run TestFilterS3
houston exec phx -- go test -v -run TestFilterS3
```

Okay, figured it out. It's related to which random region is chosen to create these test buckets and filter against. So we need to choose a non-random region for this test, or else **first** nuke all test buckets in whatever random region the test chooses.
***

**zackproser** commented *Jun 15, 2020*

> @zackproser I'm using the nuclear wasteland account, and if you look at s3_test.go, search for `Filter` you'll find a test that runs through 3 different types of mock config files. The config_test.go file also references a bunch of mock config files in the config/mocks dir. Look through there to see what kinds of things I'm testing.
> 
> I'd love if we found a config file that actually breaks functionality.
> 
> I have updated the description to describe how to pull and run and test this out!

Thanks for updating with testing instructions! Just a quick update to say the happy paths you specified are working for me and I had zero issues running this against `nuclear-wasteland` as described. I'll try to flex it a bit more as you suggest.
***

