# Adding feature to ignore list and nuke errors

**saurabh-hirani** commented *May 13, 2020*

This PR adds the following features:

1. Support for --ignore-errors flag on command line as per the discussion in https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/issues/112 

2. Updated ami.go to fix a bug which prints wrong number of deletions if ami deletion fails.

**Demo**:

1. Running cloud-nuke with `--ignore-errors all`:

```
cloud-nuke --ignore-errors all
.
.
INFO[2020-05-06T19:31:11+05:30] Checking region [1/1]: us-east-1
WARN[2020-05-06T19:31:12+05:30] Ignoring get resources error - asg - AccessDenied: User: arn:aws:sts::12345678:assumed-role/role-1/session-1 is not authorized to perform: autoscaling:DescribeAutoScalingGroups
        status code: 403, request id: xxxx
WARN[2020-05-06T19:31:12+05:30] Ignoring get resources error - lc - AccessDenied: User: arn:aws:sts::12345678:assumed-role/role-1/session-1 is not authorized to perform: autoscaling:DescribeLaunchConfigurations
        status code: 403, request id: xxxx
.
.
```
Complete command output - https://gist.github.com/saurabh-hirani/eaa9455488af5299ee5d07746a965f88 - does a best effort deletion. 

Detailed description as per the change in README.md
<br />
***


**brikis98** commented *May 22, 2020*

Thanks for the PR! I'm super booked this week, but will try to take a look in the next few days.
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *May 26, 2020*

> Thanks for the PR!
> 
> Is there some way we can add automated tests to check this behavior?

I doubt if there is a straightforward way to do so. We are not checking for per resource type deletion errors - we are checking access related errors they return and deciding whether we want to move ahead or not. The way I tested it was to create a role that has permissions to create other roles - created a restricted role with it, applied that role's credentials to the cli, ran cloud-nuke and tried to nuke a resource not covered by the restricted role. 

Doing that in a test case would essentially be equal to retesting the above process. The way to introduce errors will lie not in the creation of the resource or its properties but in the role that tries to delete the resource. And to test if cloud-nuke goes ahead - we would essentially have to test multiple deletions while switching the creating and deleting roles. Seems like a bigger overhead than the value it provides. Does it make sense to do that? 

Honestly speaking - I was hoping this to be a feature which helps first time users get some best effort deletion work done and not make them turn away if they encounter errors. I wouldn't use this flag if I know I have the right roles in place to run cloud-nuke. 
***

**brikis98** commented *May 31, 2020*

> Doing that in a test case would essentially be equal to retesting the above process. The way to introduce errors will lie not in the creation of the resource or its properties but in the role that tries to delete the resource. And to test if cloud-nuke goes ahead - we would essentially have to test multiple deletions while switching the creating and deleting roles. Seems like a bigger overhead than the value it provides. Does it make sense to do that?

I actually think it does make sense to test this! In particular, I'd create automated tests for two scenarios:

1. Create an IAM role that _only_ has read permissions for EC2 and S3. Create an S3 bucket and an EC2 instance, assume the role, run `cloud-nuke` telling it to ignore errors, and make sure the run completes successfully, and that the S3 bucket and EC2 instance are still around (which the test can then clean up at the end).
1. Same as above, except this time, the IAM role also has write permissions for S3, so at the end of the test, the S3 bucket should be deleted, but the EC2 instance should still be around.
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *Jun 2, 2020*

 > 1. Create an IAM role that _only_ has read permissions for EC2 and S3. Create an S3 bucket and an EC2 instance, assume the role, run `cloud-nuke` telling it to ignore errors, and make sure the run completes successfully, and that the S3 bucket and EC2 instance are still around (which the test can then clean up at the end).
> 2. Same as above, except this time, the IAM role also has write permissions for S3, so at the end of the test, the S3 bucket should be deleted, but the EC2 instance should still be around.

Okay - will give it a shot and update this thread with findings. 

***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *Jun 7, 2020*

@brikis98 - was able to try out the individual functions for creating/assuming role and 
creating/deleting policies for the same locally. I had the following queries before proceeding:

1. Having a file called `cli_nukeallresources_test.go` (content fleshed out in the next query)
besides `cli_test.go`. But as we have to create test EC2 and S3 instances - can we reuse the
corresponding `createTestEC2Instance` in `aws/ec2_test.go` - that would mean uppercasing that func to export it. `getRandomRegion` cannot be renamed as it is heavily used outside also. Or does it make sense to repeat the test EC2 creation code in the test case to avoid any dependencies?  **Update**: read https://github.com/golang/go/issues/10184 and saw that it is not possible to export funcs in _test.go files - but would be better to get your thoughts on the same. 

Same query for creating test S3 buckets but taking a call for S3 is more complicated as its PR is still open - https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/pull/110 - @yorinasub17 - your feedback would also be useful for this query as it is tied to S3 also. 

2. Having the following test functions in `cli_nukeallresources_test.go` - does this coverage
make sense?

- TestNukeAllResources_AllPerms() 
    - Creates test EC2, S3
    - No assume role
    - Call GetAllRresources - for resource type - EC2, S3 - returns list with test EC2 and S3
    - Call NukeAllResources with test EC2 and S3 - deletes them
    - Test EC2, S3 do not exist


- TestNukeAllResources_NoPerms()
    - Creates test EC2, S3
    - Creates test role with no read/write for EC2, S3 
    - Assume role
    - Call GetAllRresources - for resource type - EC2, S3 - returns errors
    - Test EC2, S3 still exist

- TestNukeAllResources_NoPerms_IgnoreErrors()
    - Same as above but GetAllResurces call has ignore errors flag set - so it doesn't fail  and returns empty list.
    - Test EC2, S3 still exist

- TestNukeAllResources_EC2S3_RORole()
    - Creates test EC2, S3
    - Creates test role with read for EC2, S3 
    - Assume role
    - Call GetAllRresources - for resource type - EC2, S3 - no errors - returns test EC2 and S3
    - Call NukeAllResources with test EC2 and S3 - returns errors
    - Test EC2, S3 still exist

- TestNukeAllResources_EC2S3_RORole_IgnoreErorors()
    - Same as above but NukeAllResources has ignore errors flag set - so it doesn't fail  and returns nil.
    - Test EC2, S3 still exist

- TestNukeAllResources_EC2_RORole_S3_RWRole()
    - Creates test EC2, S3
    - Creates test role with read for EC2, write for S3 
    - Assume role
    - Call GetAllRresources - for resource type - EC2, S3 - no errors - returns test EC2 and S3
    - Call NukeAllResources with test EC2 and S3 - fails at EC2 - does not go upto S3
    - Test EC2, S3 still exist

- TestNukeAllResources_EC2_RORole_S3_RWRole_IgnoreErrors()
    - Same as above but NukeAllResources has ignore errors flag set - so it doesn't fail 
        for EC2 and continues S3 deletion and returns nil.
    - Test S3 deleted. Test EC2 exists.
***

**brikis98** commented *Jun 14, 2020*

> Having a file called cli_nukeallresources_test.go (content fleshed out in the next query)
besides cli_test.go. But as we have to create test EC2 and S3 instances - can we reuse the
corresponding createTestEC2Instance in aws/ec2_test.go - that would mean uppercasing that func to export it. getRandomRegion cannot be renamed as it is heavily used outside also. Or does it make sense to repeat the test EC2 creation code in the test case to avoid any dependencies?

Feel free to move these functions to some package (e.g.,`test_util`) so they can be imported wherever needed.

> Having the following test functions in cli_nukeallresources_test.go - does this coverage
make sense?

That test coverage sounds great 👍 

One NIT: Go naming convention is CamelCase and not snake_case or Upper_Snake_case. So the function names should be `TestNukeAllResourcesEC2S3ReadOnlyRoleIgnoreErorors`... But otherwise, LGTM!
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *Jun 19, 2020*

@brikis98 Updated as per feedback. As the config file PR also touched some common files - `cli.go`, `aws.go`, `s3_test.go` - had to merge and the diffs didn't seem reviewable. So squashed the commits to review as one unit. Please review and let me know if this looks good. 

Summary:

- Added the following new files in `aws/`:
  - `ec2_utils.go` - moving out common test CRUD functions for ec2 - led to updating test files - `ec2_test.go` and dependent test files - `ebs_test.go, asg_test.go, ami_test.go, launch_config_test.go` .
  - `s3_utils.go` - same as above but for S3 - led to updating test files - `s3_test.go`
  - `iam_utils.go` - new file for CRUD for IAM roles/policies - doubles up as a base for future addition of IAM role/policy nuking

- Added the following new files in `commands/`:

  - `cli_nukeallresources_test.go` - contains test cases as described above - basically uses ec2/s3 utils for creating/reading/deleting resources and iam utils for creating/assuming/deleting roles. Sample test output - https://gist.github.com/saurabh-hirani/85f658f2be92ea3772c459e815b195ff

- Updated `aws.GetAllResources` and `aws.NukeAllResources` to accept session param because in order to assume role you have to pass in session param while deleting resources - which wasn't there. The argument list of these 2 functions was getting longer and hence used a struct to make it simpler + support optional args.

- Updated `ec2.go` to support flag which decides whether to wait or not for instance deletion after triggering it - https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/pull/114/files#diff-6c5db3fd88049ee01a36ba713dfcdbdeR76 - Ec2 nuke to not wait for instance termination by default - default case is trigger and return. This is because when testing deletion repeatedly with around 8-10 EC2 instances - (encountered when deferred nukes run for assume role tests) - there were random timeouts + long delay sometimes for EC2 deletion. For dependent tests like `ebs_test.go` they wait for EC2 deletion e.g https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/pull/114/files#diff-c57ef596e24478400f32b6312d13256eR183

- **Update** - maybe  I was hitting some API limits on my free tier and my requests were getting throttled due to mutliple create/delete ops - retried after some time and EC2 deletions work fine - kept default - ec2 nuke behaviour as wait for deletion.

- There is no support for user to specify whether to return after triggering deletion or wait until deletion completion for resources that support it (`--sync / --async` maybe?). Can be taken up as separate feature request. 

- When running `s3_test.go` - the following tests failed for me - because as per https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/pull/113#issuecomment-643485861 some tests run in Gruntwork specific accounts e.g. phxdevops - and I am running them in my own account. Wanted to check if the corresponding tests should be rewritten to create test buckets so that they can run on non-Gruntwork AWS accounts also. 

```
--- FAIL: TestFilterS3Bucket_Config (30.65s)
    --- FAIL: TestFilterS3Bucket_Config/config_tests (0.00s)
        --- FAIL: TestFilterS3Bucket_Config/config_tests/Include (0.20s)
            s3_test.go:441:
                        Error Trace:    s3_test.go:441
                        Error:          Not equal:
                                        expected: 4
                                        actual  : 0
                        Test:           TestFilterS3Bucket_Config/config_tests/Include
        --- FAIL: TestFilterS3Bucket_Config/config_tests/IncludeAndExclude (0.22s)
            s3_test.go:441:
                        Error Trace:    s3_test.go:441
                        Error:          Not equal:
                                        expected: 3
                                        actual  : 0
                        Test:           TestFilterS3Bucket_Config/config_tests/IncludeAndExclude
        --- FAIL: TestFilterS3Bucket_Config/config_tests/Exclude (0.27s)
            s3_test.go:441:
                        Error Trace:    s3_test.go:441
                        Error:          Not equal:
                                        expected: 6
                                        actual  : 0
                        Test:           TestFilterS3Bucket_Config/config_tests/Exclude
```
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *Jun 19, 2020*

@brikis98 @yorinasub17  This change has more testing code than the actual functionality :) - maybe as the feature required very methodical series of steps (create role, assume role, create resources, try deletion, delete resources, delete role) to verify ignoring errors. 
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *Jun 25, 2020*

@brikis98 - can you please review this and check if this looks good? Thanks. 
***

**brikis98** commented *Jul 4, 2020*

Sorry for the delay. It's a huge PR, so I keep snoozing it every time I see it 😁 

I'll try to get to it in the next week or so!
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *Jul 26, 2020*

Thanks for the detailed feedback @brikis98 - I appreciate that. I have closed most of them and have put in queries where I needed some guidance. Smoke tests on `cli_nukeallresources_test.go` look good - will be testing other `_test.go` files tomorrow and will update this thread. 
***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *Aug 2, 2020*

@brikis98 as per above ran tests for the following test files also - looks good 

```
ami_test.go
asg_test.go
ebs_test.go
ec2_test.go
s3_test.go
```


***

**saurabh-hirani** commented *Jan 18, 2021*

We can close this PR as its review has been pending for a few months and it has deviated from the main codebase.
***

