# update circleci config to run aws-nuke nightly

**tonerdo** commented *Feb 20, 2018*


<br />
***


**tonerdo** commented *Feb 20, 2018*

@brikis98 the `nuke_phx_devops` job fails because circleci isn't equipped to provide input via stdin. I was thinking that we could add another cli flag that skips the prompt all together. @josh-padnick also thinks the same and even suggested `--force`. Thoughts?
***

**brikis98** commented *Feb 20, 2018*

> @brikis98 the nuke_phx_devops job fails because circleci isn't equipped to provide input via stdin. I was thinking that we could add another cli flag that skips the prompt all together. @josh-padnick also thinks the same and even suggested --force. Thoughts?

Yes, the tool definitely need a non-interactive mode. A `--force` flag to disable all interactive prompts sounds like a good idea.
***

**brikis98** commented *Feb 21, 2018*

Make sure to delete the branch and cut a new release when you're ready.

Also, please give `aws-nuke` a manual run with the `--older-than 48h --exclude-region us-west-2` params, as there are a bunch of resources that need clean up now.

Finally, do one more experiment: run the tests and make sure that all the resources they create are cleaned up by the tests themselves. There are a lot of aws-nuke resources in the Phx DevOps account, so I suspect some test is failing to clean up after itself. The nightly run will eventually take care of that, but only after 2 days, so it would be better if the tests did the cleanup properly and aws-nuke only picked up the slack on case of (hopefully) rare bugs/crashes/etc.
***

