# Fix for inactive ecs clusters

**ina-stoyanova** commented *Oct 15, 2020*

Hey, this PR is aiming to add filtering to ECS Clusters. The issue I was seeing is described here: https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/issues/145

**Overview:** 
In some scenarios, the ECS Clusters TagResource function would be called while the cluster is not in `ACTIVE` state. This meant that the tests we have fail, and also the code itself was flawed. 

**It has now been updated:**
- `cloud-nuke ecscluster` will nuke ECS Clusters which are also set as `ACTIVE` or `PROVISIONING`
- `PROVISIONING` is also part of the condition, as the assumption is the cluster will be discoverable, and its state is going towards being `ACTIVE`
- all other states (`INACTIVE`, `DEPROVISIONING`, `FAILED`) are not relevant and therefore used in this functionality (you can't tag a cluster that's not active)

Additional changes:
- the tests now use a random region 
- the tests also now use a name for the clusters `cloud-nuke-test-XXXXX`
<br />
***


**ina-stoyanova** commented *Oct 15, 2020*

@brikis98 

> * Can clusters in `PROVISIONING` state be tagged? _- I haven't actually found docs supporting this. I have left it in, because of an assumption I made (which was that it's progressing the state to an `active` one). However, on second thought now, I think we should be explicit in which ECS Clusters can be used by cloud-nuke, as it removes ambiguity._ 
> * `INACTIVE` I believe means deleted, so I think that's safe to ignore. _= yes_
> * Does `DEPROVISIONING` meaning "in the process of being deleted" or something else? _= yes_
> * Do `FAILED` clusters need to be deleted? = I'm happy to take guidance here - maybe? 🤔 I guess cloud-nuke is going to be used on purpose, so ideally should not leave too many things behind which are note explicitly ignored. (is my view of this correct?)


***

**brikis98** commented *Oct 15, 2020*

> > * Can clusters in `PROVISIONING` state be tagged? _- I haven't actually found docs supporting this. I have left it in, because of an assumption I made (which was that it's progressing the state to an `active` one). However, on second thought now, I think we should be explicit in which ECS Clusters can be used by cloud-nuke, as it removes ambiguity._

In theory, `PROVISIONING` is a temporary state... It will eventually resolve to one of the others. So probably safest to skip it from the `cloud-nuke` perspective. If someone needs to clean it up, they can re-run, and by then, it should be in one of the other states.

> > * Do `FAILED` clusters need to be deleted? = I'm happy to take guidance here - maybe? 🤔 I guess cloud-nuke is going to be used on purpose, so ideally should not leave too many things behind which are note explicitly ignored. (is my view of this correct?)

What causes `FAILED`? Is it a temporary state that eventually disappears, a bit like `INACTIVE`? Or is it more permanent? If it's more permanent, then, yes, they should be deleted, but again, the same filters we use elsewhere, such as age, should apply so there are no surprises. So can we tag `FAILED` clusters?
***

**ina-stoyanova** commented *Oct 16, 2020*

I spent around 10-15 mins manually creating and breaking ECS Clusters in the AWS console. I've updated the answers below after these experiments & trying to interpret better the AWS docs for the ECS Cluster state.
The only piece of docs I found regarding this is: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/clusters.html#clusters-concepts
and unfоrtunately that is not very descriptive in terms of what gets the cluster in these states. 

> > > * Can clusters in `PROVISIONING` state be tagged? _- I haven't actually found docs supporting this. I have left it in, because of an assumption I made (which was that it's progressing the state to an `active` one). However, on second thought now, I think we should be explicit in which ECS Clusters can be used by cloud-nuke, as it removes ambiguity._
> 
> In theory, `PROVISIONING` is a temporary state... It will eventually resolve to one of the others. So probably safest to skip it from the `cloud-nuke` perspective. If someone needs to clean it up, they can re-run, and by then, it should be in one of the other states.

**NEW comment:**
_There's a case where I was able to actually manually add tags in the web console to an ECS cluster in this state. So we could go back and add this as a covered case in the filtering clusters._ 

> 
> > > * Do `FAILED` clusters need to be deleted? = I'm happy to take guidance here - maybe? 🤔 I guess cloud-nuke is going to be used on purpose, so ideally should not leave too many things behind which are note explicitly ignored. (is my view of this correct?)
> 
> What causes `FAILED`? Is it a temporary state that eventually disappears, a bit like `INACTIVE`? Or is it more permanent? If it's more permanent, then, yes, they should be deleted, but again, the same filters we use elsewhere, such as age, should apply so there are no surprises. So can we tag `FAILED` clusters?

**NEW comment:**
_I didn't manage to get a cluster in this state, so can only interpret what the AWS docs say about it. After trying to tag ECS clusters in the `DEPROVISIONING` and `INACTIVE` states, AWS complains & says that the cluster is `inactive` so I can only assume this `FAILED` state will be similar, where ECS cannot talk to the underlying provider/resources/anything else in the mix._

***

**brikis98** commented *Oct 16, 2020*

> _There's a case where I was able to actually manually add tags in the web console to an ECS cluster in this state. So we could go back and add this as a covered case in the filtering clusters._
> _I didn't manage to get a cluster in this state, so can only interpret what the AWS docs say about it. After trying to tag ECS clusters in the `DEPROVISIONING` and `INACTIVE` states, AWS complains & says that the cluster is `inactive` so I can only assume this `FAILED` state will be similar, where ECS cannot talk to the underlying provider/resources/anything else in the mix._

It's probably to OK to ignore both of these. One is a temporary state, the other seems quite rare and hard to repro. If we need to clean them up some time in the future, we can always add it, but not worth holding up this PR now for these rare cases.

***

