# Docker version of cloud-nuke

**ghost** commented *Jan 4, 2021*

Here is my take on a docker version of cloud-nuke, as per the issue https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/issues/164

I've added a Dockerfile, a .dockerignore file and a small shell script to build and verify the binary.


<br />
***


**ghost** commented *Jan 6, 2021*

I'll follow your suggestions and update the PR and let you know
***

**ghost** commented *Jan 11, 2021*

I've updated the PR with my response to your feedback.
I'm not comfortable with writing a Go test yet, and cannot really justify the time for it. Sorry.

I had an idea while refactoring.... do you want to have all the docker things in a subfolder instead of the root?
***

**brikis98** commented *Jan 27, 2021*

> I've updated the PR with my response to your feedback.
> I'm not comfortable with writing a Go test yet, and cannot really justify the time for it. Sorry.

I understand. Unfortunately, if it's not tested in our CI build, it will likely break over time, so I don't think we could merge it.

> I had an idea while refactoring.... do you want to have all the docker things in a subfolder instead of the root?

That seems like a good idea!
***

**ghost** commented *Jan 27, 2021*

> I understand. Unfortunately, if it's not tested in our CI build, it will likely break over time, so I don't think we could merge it.

I see. So what do we do here? Do you or anyone on your team want to make the unit test?
I can make it easy, so there's a unit test bash script that you just run and then check that the return code is 0

If you agree to that, then I'll make the unit test script and put it in docker/unit-test.sh
***

**brikis98** commented *Feb 1, 2021*

> > I understand. Unfortunately, if it's not tested in our CI build, it will likely break over time, so I don't think we could merge it.
> 
> I see. So what do we do here? Do you or anyone on your team want to make the unit test?
> I can make it easy, so there's a unit test bash script that you just run and then check that the return code is 0
> 
> If you agree to that, then I'll make the unit test script and put it in docker/unit-test.sh

As you can see in the delays in my replies, we are super buried right now, and unfortunately, can't devote as much time as we'd like to `cloud-nuke`. Even adding a simple test can turn into a long yak shave that derails some of our other work. Sorry about that 😞 
***

**ghost** commented *Feb 1, 2021*

> > > I understand. Unfortunately, if it's not tested in our CI build, it will likely break over time, so I don't think we could merge it.
> > 
> > 
> > I see. So what do we do here? Do you or anyone on your team want to make the unit test?
> > I can make it easy, so there's a unit test bash script that you just run and then check that the return code is 0
> > If you agree to that, then I'll make the unit test script and put it in docker/unit-test.sh
> 
> As you can see in the delays in my replies, we are super buried right now, and unfortunately, can't devote as much time as we'd like to `cloud-nuke`. Even adding a simple test can turn into a long yak shave that derails some of our other work. Sorry about that 😞

I understand, that happens to me all the time too. No hard feelings.

Would you like me to cancel the PR or do you want to keep it around for whenever?
***

**brikis98** commented *Feb 8, 2021*

Let's keep it open in case someone in the future has the time to fill in the gaps! If we close now, we'll prob forget it about it otherwise, and we can always close later.
***

**ghost** commented *Feb 8, 2021*

Deal :)
***

**ghost** commented *Sep 21, 2021*

I'm cleaning up my repos. This PR is so old that it now has conflicts with master and I cannot priorititze fixing it. I'm cancelling this PR and nuking my fork, to clean up.
***

**ina-stoyanova** commented *Sep 27, 2021*

Thanks @sev-obviux for your contribution despite not being able to support you fully on it! 

***

