# Nuke GuardDuty (#175)

**jdpleiness** commented *Jul 11, 2021*

* Add support for removing GuardDuty as requested in #175
* Update README with new functionality 
<br />
***


**jdpleiness** commented *Jul 12, 2021*

Updated the PR based on your feedback. Let me know if I missed anything.
***

**ina-stoyanova** commented *Sep 27, 2021*

hey @jdpleiness thanks for raising this PR & addressing the feedback. Do you mind getting it up to speed with the latest from master, and we can hopefully help moving it forward faster?
***

**ekristen** commented *Nov 16, 2021*

@ina-stoyanova I happened to implement my own before I realized there was an open PR and since this one is stale by a couple months, I went ahead and opened my PR https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/pull/239 
***

**jdpleiness** commented *Nov 18, 2021*

@ekristen @ina-stoyanova I got sidetracked and forgot about this for a while. It should be back up to speed with master now if you would like to merge it. If you would like to use @ekristen's version of the feature instead, feel free to close the PR. Either is fine with me. 
***

**ina-stoyanova** commented *Nov 18, 2021*

Hey @jdpleiness & @ekristen thank you both so much for the contributions! I'll take a look as soon as possible, and we can see how we go about merging both! :) 
***

**ina-stoyanova** commented *Nov 19, 2021*

>Hey @jdpleiness & @ekristen thank you both so much for the contributions! I'll take a look as soon as possible, and we can see how we go about merging both! :)

just a heads up - that's looking like next week :) 
***

**ina-stoyanova** commented *Nov 23, 2021*

@jdpleiness thanks for raising this PR! I already commented on @ekristen's, but to be transparent - we're currently ramping up someone to help us maintain this repo and we'll get to review this as soon as our maintainer is fully ramped up! 


***

**jdpleiness** commented *Feb 22, 2022*

@ina-stoyanova Are there any updates on this? I know these things take time, but it's been 7 months and other PRs have been merged as well as a new release. It would be great to have support for GuardDuty. I don't see any updates on @ekristen's PR either at this point. 
***

