# Add acmpa :sparkles:

**weitzj** commented *Jul 13, 2021*

This PR adds support to delete AWS ACM Private CAs (acmpca).

This needs a bit more testing.

Fixes #200
<br />
***


**weitzjdevk** commented *Jul 14, 2021*

@brikis98  @yorinasub17 The tests work, and this PR is good to review (I cannot update the description or title)
***

**weitzjdevk** commented *Jul 14, 2021*

Could you please have another look. I have addressed your comments in separate commits.

***

**weitzjdevk** commented *Jul 29, 2021*

Please review, merge.
***

**weitzjdevk** commented *Jul 29, 2021*

@yorinasub17 , @brikis98  I have rebased against the current master. The review comments are incorportated. See the answer from AWS Support how billing works.

***

**weitzj** commented *Aug 2, 2021*

Any update on this?
***

**brikis98** commented *Aug 3, 2021*

@weitzj Sorry for the delay. We are very buried at the moment. Since we don't have a ton of customers using ACM PA, reviewing this is getting deprioritized in favor of things that many customers are using and requesting. We'll get to it as soon as we can.
***

**weitzjdevk** commented *Aug 4, 2021*

Everything is fixed (see the last commits).
The tests now actually work as expected :)
Just tell me if you want me to throw out the Regex stuff or how you want to have it.
***

**weitzjdevk** commented *Aug 6, 2021*

@yorinasub17  I think everything is fine now. See the latest commits, where I have removed the configObj support. Also the last commit fixes some `goimports -w .` 

Do you want me to rebase? squash-merge? Do you do this?
***

**weitzj** commented *Aug 17, 2021*

@yorinasub17  Anything missing? Can we get this merged? Did you check your AWS Bill?
***

**yorinasub17** commented *Aug 17, 2021*

@weitzj Apologies for the delay here. I've been super swamped with other priorities and haven't been able to come back to this. I hope to get back to this later this week, or next week.
***

