# Implement support for Macie member accounts

**zackproser** commented *Jul 6, 2022*

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Fixes #322 by implementing support for "nuking" Macie accounts that were created by Invitation only. (Macie member accounts created via AWS Organizations do not have sufficient permissions to disassociate _themselves_ from the Org). 

Programmatic testing with Macie is pretty awkward. I found that you can continuously accept an invite from another account to become a member account, then disassociate yourself (nuke), then re-use the same standing invitation to re-associate yourself as a member account. I'm currently using this workaround to leave a "standing" invite from our phxdevops account in `us-east-1` for sanity. 

We could expand our test coverage out to other regions, but that would just require maintaining a map of regions to standing invitation IDs.

Furthermore, Macie member accounts don't expose anything useful to us in terms of filtering resources by their creation time, so the usual semantics of `excludeAfter` won't work here. As a result, I just include all found member Macie accounts as nuke-able. 

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.

## Release Notes (draft)

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Added / Removed / Updated [X].

### Migration Guide

Implement support for inspecting and nuking Macie member accounts that were created via Invitation only. (Macie member accounts created via AWS Organizations are not able to disassociate themselves). 


<br />
***


**zackproser** commented *Jul 14, 2022*

Thanks for reviews @yorinasub17 and @rhoboat - looks like we're actually running cloud-nuke against phxdevops, so I updated our test invite and account ID and the Macie test is now passing. 

Current failure is a single known flaky test, so I think this is ready for another look. 
***

**zackproser** commented *Jul 15, 2022*

Looks like the current test failure is `TestListElasticacheClustersWithConfigFile` which is marked as Flaky.
***

**zackproser** commented *Jul 18, 2022*

Thanks for review! I'll merge this PR now and open a follow-up to make the improvement you suggested. 
***

