# Support nuking elasticache replication groups

**zackproser** commented *Jul 21, 2022*

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Fixes #333 

These changes introduce support for nuking elasticache clusters that are members of a replication group. The single nuke method has been extended to handle both cases: 
1. Cache cluster is not a member of a replication group, and so can be deleted directly 
2. Cache cluster is a member of a replication group, which itself must then be deleted, because attempting to delete the member cache cluster itself will fail as long as the replication group exists. 

In testing against a deployed Ref Arch, these changes resolve the issue observed in #333.

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.

## Release Notes (draft)

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Added / Removed / Updated [X].

### Migration Guide

<!-- Important: If you made any backward incompatible changes, then you must write a migration guide! -->


<br />
***


**zackproser** commented *Jul 26, 2022*

@yorinasub17 Thanks for reviews! Looks like the tests are finally passing, so this one is ready for another look when you have a moment. 
***

**zackproser** commented *Jul 26, 2022*

Thanks for reviews! Going to merge this in now.
***

