# Fix elasticache cluster nuking

**zackproser** commented *Aug 8, 2022*



<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Fixes #341.

- Look up replication groups separately. Previously we were trying to look up all cache nodes via `DescribeCacheClusters`, which _will_ return nodes that are members of a ReplicationGroup - but won't signify which need to be passed through the ReplicationGroup code path. Instead, we first look up replication groups via their dedicated method `DescribeReplicationGroups` then issue a call to `DescribeCacheClusters`, specifying that the call should only return cache nodes that are not members of a replication group. 
- When then flatten both cache cluster types together, returning both types from the list method
- When nuking an elasticache cluster - return immediately if the cluster is found to be of type `Replication` - previously, incorrect fallthrough behavior was causing replication groups to end up in the code path for deleting single cache nodes.
<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [ ] Update the docs.
- [ ] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [ ] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [ ] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.

## Release Notes (draft)

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Added / Removed / Updated [X].

### Migration Guide

<!-- Important: If you made any backward incompatible changes, then you must write a migration guide! -->


<br />
***


**zackproser** commented *Aug 12, 2022*

Thanks for review! Going to merge this in now.
***

