# Feature/116 iam groups

**ellisonc** commented *Sep 29, 2022*

## Description

Fixes #116.

Adds the ability to nuke IAM Groups

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.

## Release Notes (draft)

Added support for nuking IAM Groups and customer managed IAM Policies

### Migration Guide


<br />
***


**zackproser** commented *Sep 29, 2022*

Looks like not just a terrific start, but ultimately pretty close to being merge-able! :clap: 
***

**zackproser** commented *Oct 31, 2022*

This is pretty non-intuitive, but every time you add a new resource to cloud-nuke, you need to go [here](https://github.com/ellisonc/cloud-nuke/blob/c75b348b9c33dc6e83ae9d5993a1eb5729feda91/config/config_test.go#L12) and add the exact line `ResourceType{FilterRule{}, FilterRule{}},` the same number of times as you added resources. 

So, in this case you'll need to add that line twice - otherwise you'll get a warning when trying to run tests about too few resources being defined in the config test. 
***

**zackproser** commented *Oct 31, 2022*

Did a bunch of smoke testing locally: 
- Creating and nuking IAM users
- Creating and nuking IAM users while excluding a special user via config file
- Create and nuking IAM users that are members of groups with and without policies attached
- Creating and nuking IAM policies while excluding a special policy via config file

All have worked flawlessly. Well done :+1: 
***

**zackproser** commented *Oct 31, 2022*

@ellisonc Very nice work. This looks solid to me. Want to resolve the merge conflicts so I can approve?
***

**ellisonc** commented *Oct 31, 2022*

@zackproser thanks! Just merged upstream back in to fix the conflict
***

**zackproser** commented *Oct 31, 2022*

@ellisonc would you like to do the honors of merging and releasing per the instructions [here](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke#releasing-new-versions)?
***

