# Add support to delete ec2 key pairs using cloud-nuke

**hongil0316** commented *Dec 8, 2022*

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Fixes https://gruntwork.atlassian.net/browse/CORE-284.

### Testing

* Tested running the cloud-nuke command line locally to delete an existing EC2 key pair

```
aws-vault exec gruntwork-customer-access-test -- go run main.go aws --resource-type ec2-keypairs
```

* Unit tests that creates & nuke an EC2 key pair. 
* Tested `aws-inspect` on ec2 key pair

```
aws-vault exec gruntwork-customer-access-test -- go run main.go inspect-aws --resource-type ec2-keypairs
```

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [ ] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [ ] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [ ] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Added / Removed / Updated [X].

### Migration Guide

<!-- Important: If you made any backward incompatible changes, then you must write a migration guide! -->


<br />
***


**hongil0316** commented *Dec 8, 2022*

> There's a folder in the repo called `config` that handles resources when using a config.yml file. The new resource should be added to the `Config` struct as well as any usages.
> 
> Readme also needs to be updated

Got it. Updated. 
***

**ellisonc** commented *Dec 8, 2022*

Need to update the readme and add release notes to the PR
***

**hongil0316** commented *Dec 9, 2022*

> Need to update the readme and add release notes to the PR

Hmm I though I updated the readme :S I guess it was not included somehow. 
Don't we auto-generate the release note based on the PRs? 

Is this one special because it's an open source repository? 
***

