# CORE-188 rate limits

**ellisonc** commented *Dec 12, 2022*

## Description

Reduces the batch sizes on all resources where the AWS rate limits were a guess such that two instances of cloud nuke could be running on an account without expecting any issues.  This should enable cloud-nuke to run better in automated environments as well as reduce the likelihood of manual activity in the AWS account interfering.

This is a stopgap solution to the rate limit issue and we plan to implement a more robust approach in the future.

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [x] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

Updated max batch size on many resources to reduce rate limit errors.


<br />
***


