# Bugfix/core 271 vpc with eni

**ellisonc** commented *Dec 14, 2022*

## Description

Fixes #340 and #345 Allows deletion of VPCs and sub-resources when dependencies would previously prevent it.

- Removes Network Interfaces before removing VPCs
- Removes Egress Only Internet Gateways before removing VPCs
- Dissociates DHCP Option sets before removing VPCs
- Updates to latest aws and ec2 apis

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [x] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

Updated the VPC resource to delete network interfaces and egress only internet gateways before attempting to delete the VPC.
Updated the VPC resource to dissociate DHCP option sets before attempting to delete the VPC.
Updated the AWS api version to v1.44.154

### Migration Guide

<!-- Important: If you made any backward incompatible changes, then you must write a migration guide! -->


<br />
***


