#  [WIP] Support for elasticbeanstalk envs and apps

**zackproser** commented *Feb 4, 2023*

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Fixes #000.

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).
- [x] Fix tests: figure out why eb env waiter times out 
- [ ] Finish writing + verifying tests
- [x] Update the docs.
- [ ] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [ ] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Added / Removed / Updated [X].

### Migration Guide

<!-- Important: If you made any backward incompatible changes, then you must write a migration guide! -->


<br />
***


**zackproser** commented *Jul 19, 2023*

I'm not likely to be able to return to this anytime soon, so I'm going to close it for now. 
***

**hongil0316** commented *Jul 19, 2023*

Thanks for closing this @zackproser. Will look into this in the future and pick up where you left off! :) 
***

**zackproser** commented *Jul 24, 2023*

@hongil0316 Roger - sounds great! I heard you are hard at work on some awesome refactoring for cloud-nuke - super cool and keep up the great work :clap: 
***

