# CORE-381/Add deletion of IAM Service Linked Roles

**pete0emerson** commented *Feb 24, 2023*

This code allows for IAM Service Linked Roles to be deleted.

In the Gruntwork Reference Architecture, we need to clean up AWSServiceRoleForAutoScaling.

Note that this is a naive approach; it requests the resource be deleted, but doesn't verify that they are actually deleted.

We could do this verification by capturing the DeletionTaskId and then querying for the deletion status until the status is (hopefully) SUCCEEDED. Alternate statuses are NOT_STARTED, IN_PROGRESS, and FAILED.

Thoughts here appreciated.

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Fixes CORE-481

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [ ] Update the docs.
- [ ] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [ ] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [ ] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [ ] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes

Added ability to nuke [IAM Service Linked Roles](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/using-service-linked-roles.html)
<br />
***


**pete0emerson** commented *Feb 24, 2023*

Failed tests are unrelated (Macie, EKS Cluster).
***

**arsci** commented *Feb 24, 2023*

@pete0emerson do you have a sense for how long it takes for deletion once the request is submitted? It seems like it would be in the realm of AWS typical eventual consistency propagation of a few seconds (maybe 10s of seconds) where we could ideally query and wait for confirmation the role is deleted. But if for some reason it's in the order of minutes+ maybe that's not the right approach. 

I know for things like KMS keys deletion requests have a 7-day minimum but I can't imagine service roles are anything like that.
***

**pete0emerson** commented *Feb 24, 2023*

> do you have a sense for how long it takes for deletion once the request is submitted?

Yep, it's quite fast. I don't think I've gotten a immediate request for status in faster than it could actually do the deletion. So, we're talking seconds, so far in my experience.
***

**pete0emerson** commented *Feb 28, 2023*

All of my tests are passing.
***

**MoonMoon1919** commented *Feb 28, 2023*

> All of my tests are passing.

:shipit: 
***

**zackproser** commented *Feb 28, 2023*

I noticed the TODOs on the PR description were left unchecked - there's one that we're particularly interested in: 

> Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the nuke_sandbox and nuke_phxdevops jobs in .circleci/config.yml have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the .circleci/nuke_config.yml file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.

Was this step intentionally skipped for this PR? It's hard to tell because none of the TODOs are marked as done. 

If it's intentional, is that because we're confident there are no service linked roles in our phxdevops or sandbox accounts whose out of band deletion will interfere with any of our other tests, or some other reason?
***

**pete0emerson** commented *Feb 28, 2023*

Ugh. No, not intentionally skipped. I just blew it. I'll put up a PR to address.
***

**pete0emerson** commented *Feb 28, 2023*

I put up a PR in https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/pull/418
***

