# Migrate to using aws-sdk-go-v2 for Kinesis Data Streams

**jbleduigou** commented *Mar 16, 2023*

## Description

This PR is about migrating to aws-sdk-go-v2 for Kinesis Data Streams.
It contains three commits:
* One for updating `go.mod` 
* One for updating the business logic
* One for updating the tests

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [x] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

Update the support for Kinesis by using aws-sdk-go-v2

### Migration Guide

These changes are backward compatible.
<br />
***


**ellisonc** commented *Apr 6, 2023*

Hi @jbleduigou, thanks for your contribution! Could you please resolve the merge conflicts, these were likely caused by the recent addition of telemetry.  Is there a specific issue you were trying to solve by upgrading to the latest aws sdk for this module? 
***

**jbleduigou** commented *Apr 6, 2023*

> Hi @jbleduigou, thanks for your contribution! Could you please resolve the merge conflicts, these were likely caused by the recent addition of telemetry. Is there a specific issue you were trying to solve by upgrading to the latest aws sdk for this module?

Hi @ellisonc, thanks a lot for reviewing this PR! 🙏 
I have rebased my branch to resolve conflicts.
There is no specific reason for upgrading to the latest aws sdk for this module.
However, I have noticed that if an EFO consumer has been registered to the stream the deletion will error.
So this is kind of a preliminary work before making some other contributions, if that is ok with the team of course.
Let me know what you think?
***

**ellisonc** commented *Apr 6, 2023*

Sounds great, thanks! I'll kick off the tests
***

