# Nuke EKS clusters

**yorinasub17** commented *Nov 30, 2018*

Given how expensive EKS is (one cluster = $0.20/hr), and how frequent the tests fail right now as I actively develop, I am afraid I might forget to clean up one of these so decided to go ahead and implement the nuking.

Note that this required upgrading `aws-sdk-go`. I tried the latest and there were issues, so downgraded to what we have in terratest.
<br />
***


**yorinasub17** commented *Nov 30, 2018*

One downside of this: the tests now have an extra 20 minutes because launching and tearing down EKS clusters take that long...
***

**brikis98** commented *Nov 30, 2018*

> One downside of this: the tests now have an extra 20 minutes because launching and tearing down EKS clusters take that long...

Does it run in parallel with the other tests so the whole build takes 20 min? Or is it sequential?
***

**yorinasub17** commented *Dec 1, 2018*

It runs parallel, so the whole build takes 20 minutes. For comparison, it was ~5 mins before.
***

**brikis98** commented *Dec 1, 2018*

Understood. Not much we can do, TBH. Eventually, we'll want to nuke RDS, Elasticsearch, and other slow stuff too, so the build will only get slower. Such is DevOps.
***

**rfvermut** commented *Jan 4, 2019*

Can anything be done to finish this?
***

**yorinasub17** commented *Jan 4, 2019*

@rfvermut Thanks for the inquiry! I plan on getting back to this sometime later this month or early next month. The main issue right now is that our CI build has gotten unstable with the introduction of the new tests here so need to get a handle on that.
***

**autero1** commented *Feb 21, 2019*

We don't seem to have verbose output in the tests. Are there any particular tests that keep failing?
***

**tonerdo** commented *Feb 21, 2019*

@autero1 see #50 
***

**yorinasub17** commented *Feb 21, 2019*

Thanks @tonerdo for the test fixes! I took a quick scan and I believe I addressed all the comments, so I am going to go ahead and merge this and release!
***

