# CORE-641 - Add telemetry to main nuke flow

**ellisonc** commented *Apr 4, 2023*

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Adds telemetry to main cloud nuke flows

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [x] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Added telemetry throughout for tracking usage and errors.

### Migration Guide

This release adds telemetry and sends metrics back to gruntwork.  No Identifying information is recorded. The following metrics are included:

- Command and Arguments
- Version Number
- Timestamps
- Resource Types
- Resource Counts
- A randomly generated Run ID
- AWS Account ID

We never collect

- IP Addresses
- Resource Names

Telemetry can be disabled entirely by setting the `DISABLE_TELEMETRY` environment variable on the command line.


<br />
***


**zackproser** commented *Apr 5, 2023*

Looks like there's a bunch of test failures, too. We should figure out if any of them are related to the telemetry changes. 

Seeing certain failures in CircleCI also makes me think it could be useful to capture test errors, too, in order to prioritize and burn them down. What were you thinking along these lines @ellisonc?
***

**ellisonc** commented *Apr 5, 2023*

@zackproser I have purposely disabled telemetry during tests.  I don't think it can give us anything the circle ci logs and dashboard can't
***

**ellisonc** commented *Apr 5, 2023*

Also the test failures appear unrelated. Different tests have been failing each run.  I'll dig into them today regardless since I've got time this sprint but I don't think we need to hold back this PR.
***

