# chore(CORE-659): Improve filtering for EBS Volumes and Snapshots

**MoonMoon1919** commented *Apr 10, 2023*

- Add filter to only list available and creating ebs volumes
- Add filter to only list completed ebs snapshots

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Adds filters for EBS Volumes and EBS Snapshots.

For EBS Volumes - Introduce a filter to only list volumes with the status of "available", "creating", or "error" This will filter out any volume in the "in-use", "deleting", or "deleted" status.

This change should reduce the number of "volume in use" errors seen by those running cloud-nuke, since volumes that are in the "in-use", "deleting", or "deleted" statuses can't be deleted.

For EBS Snapshots - Introduce a filter to only list ebs snapshots with a status of "completed" or "error". This will filter out any snapshot with either a "pending" status.

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [ ] Update the docs.
- [ ] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [ ] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [ ] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [ ] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Updated filters used when listing EBS Volumes and Shapshots to not list resources being actively used.

### Migration Guide

<!-- Important: If you made any backward incompatible changes, then you must write a migration guide! -->


<br />
***


**MoonMoon1919** commented *Apr 11, 2023*

> Left a question but code LGTM to approving to unblock you!

Thanks! I think let's :shipit: for now and we can reassess the other centralized approached later.
***

