# Add support for GCP compute instances

**acrisci** commented *Dec 2, 2018*

This lays the groundwork for general GCP support for cloud-nuke with
support for deleting compute instances.

Add the `gcp` package and CLI argument to nuke GCP resources.
<br />
***


**acrisci** commented *Dec 2, 2018*

#42 

Hi,

I am not an expert in Go or GCP so please let me know if I'm doing anything weird.

I tried to follow the conventions in the AWS example as much as possible, but the GCP libraries are different which made some simplifications in the data structures possible but required some extra state here and there.

Feedback on the approach is appreciated. There are some refactoring possiblities with shared things, but I chose not to touch any of the aws code for readability of the first review.
***

**acrisci** commented *Dec 4, 2018*

I've implemented the feedback and ready for the next round of review.
***

**brikis98** commented *Dec 6, 2018*

This code looks great to me, thanks @acrisci.

@josh-padnick Could you review the GCP specifics? If it looks good, feel free to merge. Note that you'll need to configure the CircleCI build to work with GCP. 
***

**josh-padnick** commented *Jan 21, 2019*

'cc @robmorgan @autero1 as this relates to GCP
***

**acrisci** commented *Jan 21, 2019*

Thanks for the review.

I'm adopting Terratest as well and have some plans for contributions there. I'd rather do that in one go, so I'll make issues and comments.
***

**acrisci** commented *Jan 23, 2019*

I ran into some complications with putting terratest into the test suite. Running tests gives:

```
# github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal/channelz
../vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal/channelz/types_linux.go:41:15: undefined: unix.GetsockoptLinger
../vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal/channelz/types_linux.go:44:15: undefined: unix.GetsockoptTimeval
../vendor/google.golang.org/grpc/internal/channelz/types_linux.go:47:15: undefined: unix.GetsockoptTimeval
FAIL	github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/gcp [build failed]
```

There is a bug in the grpc library in version 0.26.0 of cloud.google.com/go dependency of terratest that we must ensure to import terratest. Updating this to 0.35.1 in terratest and cloud-nuke resolves the issue.
***

**josh-padnick** commented *Jan 23, 2019*

@robmorgan Could you take the lead on this PR from here? Or if busy perhaps @autero1 could do so?
***

**robmorgan** commented *Jan 25, 2019*

@josh-padnick sure.

@acrisci Do you want to bump the `cloud.google.com/go` dependency to at least 0.35.1 then?

I'll look into updating it in Terratest.
***

**acrisci** commented *Jan 26, 2019*

> Do you want to bump the cloud.google.com/go dependency to at least 0.35.1 then?

@robmorgan yes, I believe that would fix the issue I described from the tests I did.
***

**robmorgan** commented *Jan 28, 2019*

@acrisci okay let me know when you've made the update.
***

**acrisci** commented *Feb 15, 2019*

Ok I took a fresh look at it and it turns out what actually needed to be done was to lock `golang.org/x/sys` at a specific version required by grpc. I'm not sure how I got it to work the other way.

Anyway I think this works now.
***

**tonerdo** commented *Feb 22, 2019*

Hi @acrisci, many thanks for this contribution. I just made a fix to the tests so please merge in the latest master and fix conflicts so that we can get this PR shipped. Thanks you!!!
***

**acrisci** commented *Mar 18, 2019*

Yeah all that's needed is to fix the build errors. I got pulled onto another project but I should be back on this soon.
***

**innovia** commented *Aug 15, 2019*

has this PR fallen behind? 
***

**acrisci** commented *Aug 15, 2019*

@innovia The way things turned out for me, I don't really have a use for this. I feel bad about not finishing it, but being merged with a maintainer with no use case might be worse. And plus the build errors were kind of annoying.

I think the approach I used here is good and I hope someone else who may need this takes it on and benefits from the work I've done here.
***

