# Add s3 access point support (#442)

**Jennas-Lee** commented *Apr 16, 2023*

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Fixes #442.

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [ ] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Added / Removed / Updated [X].

- Added s3 access point support.
- Added s3 object lambda access point support.
- Added s3 multi region access point support.
<br />
***


**zackproser** commented *Apr 17, 2023*

Thanks so much for yet another great contribution! I'm spending some time testing this out locally, and there's one issue I just observed: 

I created a test S3 bucket with an access point in the same account and then tried to use your branch of cloud-nuke to delete this bucket - which I selected exclusively via the config_file and `S3` entry. 

When I tried to nuke the bucket directly, I got a no-op / no error return from cloud-nuke (Note, this was likely a bug in cloud-nuke prior to your changes!). 

If I first separately delete the access point using your new resource type via cloud-nuke, then the AP is cleanly deleted, and I can then cleanly delete the bucket itself via cloud-nuke. 

So, there are a couple of issues I can see with this: 

1.  cloud-nuke should notify you *why* it didn't or couldn't take action on a given bucket. For example, does it have access points? At a minimum, cloud-nuke should be able to tell us this. 
2. Similarly to how we handle IAM resources or VPCs that need to have several rounds of dependencies either detached or deleted before they themselves can be detached or deleted, perhaps cloud-nuke should figure out that it first needs to delete access points for the buckets, then remove the buckets themselves? 

To be clear, we don't need to solve all these issues in your current PR - it might make more sense to file these as follow-up issues we can address in the near future.  

**Update** After spending some more time reviewing and testing this, I think we should merge this in and cut follow-up issues to address the UX nits I pointed out above. It's still possible to use this new functionality to clean up access points, which in turns allows you to run cloud-nuke against S3 buckets that previously were protected by way of having access points. 
***

**zackproser** commented *Apr 17, 2023*

@Jennas-Lee There is one missing change in `config/config_test.go` that is causing the build to fail. Please make [this same change](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/commit/82c45151f1e19215a0c493d01257998d00311c17) on your branch to get this test passing. 
***

**zackproser** commented *Apr 20, 2023*

@Jennas-Lee Thanks for making the changes! This LGTM - we'll likely merge and release this shortly.
***

**ellisonc** commented *Jul 3, 2023*

@Jennas-Lee Sorry about the delay, could you fix the merge conflicts. if you @ me once that's done I can get this moved forward quickly
***

**hongil0316** commented *Aug 22, 2023*

Closing this PR as there has been no response for the past month or so. Feel free to re-open the PR.
It may involve quite a bit of conflict resolution required due to some refactoring changes we've made recently.


***

**FelipeRuizGarcia** commented *Aug 28, 2023*

@zackproser  @ellisonc @Jennas-Lee seems that this requires an extra effort to rebase upstream, is there a chance u could do it ? 
***

