# [CORE-562] Delete VPCs and unaliased KMS keys in sandbox account

**oredavids** commented *Apr 17, 2023*

## Description

Fixes [CORE-562].

- Updates `nuke-sandbox` job to clean VPCs & unaliased KMS keys older than 24h

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [ ] Update the docs.
- [ ] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [ ] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [ ] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [ ] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Added / Removed / Updated [X].



[CORE-562]: https://gruntwork.atlassian.net/browse/CORE-562?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiNWRkNTljNzYxNjVmNDY3MDlhMDU5Y2ZhYzA5YTRkZjUiLCJwIjoiZ2l0aHViLWNvbS1KU1cifQ
<br />
***


**zackproser** commented *Apr 17, 2023*

Code changes LGTM - have you seen this do what we want in the phxdevops and sandbox accounts yet? Like a smoke test to ensure the right things have been deleted?
***

**oredavids** commented *Apr 17, 2023*

@zackproser I observed that the `phxdevops` account, which already uses same directives, has only the default VPC currently and no KMS key at all. I was also planning to the leave the Jira ticket in review until the job has been run at least once to see results in the `sandbox` account.

***

**oredavids** commented *Apr 18, 2023*

@zackproser are you okay with approving so I can test this live?
***

