# Add support for Security Hub - CORE-364

**arsci** commented *May 3, 2023*

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Closes CORE-364

Adds support for nuking Security Hub

Security Hub itself is simply enabled/disabled for each region, however each instance must be cleared of Member Account links and administrator account links. 

This PR adds the ability for cloud-nuke to:
* Check if security hub is enabled, disable if so after
  * Disassociating and deleting any member accounts
  * Disassociating any administrator accounts

Supports the use of time filter, but does not support the use of configObj regex filtering (as there is only one instance per region that is enabled or disabled - technically it is named `default` but there is no control over this).

Additional testing was done manually with multiple AWS accounts to ensure the proper functionality of the member disassociation/deletion and administrator deletion.

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [x] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Added support for Security Hub
<br />
***


**arsci** commented *May 3, 2023*

Test failures are unrelated to this change
***

**zackproser** commented *May 4, 2023*

Nice work! Left some questions about error handling that we should be clear about - otherwise this is looking pretty close :+1: 
***

