# Update Macie support - CORE-387

**arsci** commented *May 5, 2023*

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Closes CORE-387

Updated ability to nuke Macie resources

Macie itself is simply enabled/disabled for each region, however each instance must be cleared of Member Account links and administrator account links.

Added support for the use of time filter, but does not support the use of configObj regex filtering

Additional testing was done manually with multiple AWS accounts to ensure the proper functionality of the member disassociation/deletion and administrator deletion.

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [x] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Updated Macie nuke support


<br />
***


**zackproser** commented *May 8, 2023*

Nicely done!

***

