# fix(aws): always session from externalcreds

**dixneuf19** commented *May 27, 2023*

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Fixes #463 

It uses `newSession` function  to get AWS Credentials from externalcreds instead of the old `newAWSSession` function which does not uses inputed config.

The inconsistent usage of this methods introduced the bug described in the attached issue.

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [ ] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks. --> TBD
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [x] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Added / Removed / Updated [X].

Updated: Uses AWS config stored in externalcreds for both regional and global resources, fixing #463 

### Migration Guide

<!-- Important: If you made any backward incompatible changes, then you must write a migration guide! -->

N/A

<br />
***


**dixneuf19** commented *Jun 5, 2023*

Hi @denis256 @ellisonc if you are able to have a look at this PR and the issue mentioned, I think it is quite a harmful bug for users using this tool as a library !

Anyway I know that maintaining open source projects is quite work heavy, thanks anyway (especially for Terragrunt, we are strongly adopting it in our company) :sweat_smile: 
***

**hongil0316** commented *Jun 10, 2023*

Thanks for spotting this bug. The code LGTM. Let me trigger the test CI pipeline. 
***

**dixneuf19** commented *Jun 20, 2023*

Hi @hongil0316 I see the test failing but I'm not sure if it related to this change or just flakiness. 
***

