# Add ACM Support

**robpickerill** commented *May 30, 2023*

## Description

Fixes #445.

Adds support for nuking AWS Certificate Manager Certificates.

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [ ] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

Added ACM support

### Migration Guide

<!-- Important: If you made any backward incompatible changes, then you must write a migration guide! -->


<br />
***


**robpickerill** commented *May 30, 2023*

First PR, so feedback is welcome. I wasn't sure how to add tests here, it looks like you create resources in your test accounts then delete them - did you want to wire up a test domain here for the validation for certificates, or I can refactor the code that discovers the certificates to allow for us to mock the ACM API response via an interface, passing in ListCertificatesOutput that we create.
***

**robpickerill** commented *May 31, 2023*

> mock the ACM API response

I opted to mock the ACM API via the httptest package, passing the URL to the session struct that is then passed into the Cloud Nuke ACM functions. 

I figured if you wanted to wire in a certification and domain validation then it could be tested behind a flag as certs can be slow to provision and validate. I also didn't have permission to set up any certifications or domain validation, so did what I could here.

Please let me know what you think.
***

**ellisonc** commented *Jun 1, 2023*

@robpickerill This is looking great, thanks for putting this together.  I think the approach you took to testing makes sense given the limitations, we will likely set something up on our internal testing accounts eventually.  I think the only thing missing is adding a new line to `config/config_test.go` to allow the tests to build correctly. You'll see a bunch of rows like this: `ResourceType{FilterRule{}, FilterRule{}},` and just need to add another one to the end to make the counts match up.

Once that's fixed I'll kick of the tests and get this merged in!
***

**robpickerill** commented *Jun 1, 2023*

Thanks @ellisonc - let me patch up the config tests shortly then you can run it through CI
***

**robpickerill** commented *Jun 1, 2023*

Tests failed due to: TooManyRequestsException: Too Many Requests in the APIGateway test suite. I can push an empty git commit to restart the test job if you want that.

---

Edit: still the same so I dropped the commit to keep history clean, I'll look into the session creation later, maybe we can increase the exponential backoff on the retryer.
***

**robpickerill** commented *Jun 10, 2023*

@ellisonc - if you have any free time, would you have another look over this PR. The apigateway tests failed due to throttling, I added a change to try to accomodate it, but I'm not sure if you want to modify the session.

Thanks!
***

**zackproser** commented *Jun 28, 2023*

Thanks @robpickerill! I've kicked off tests for this one. 
***

**hongil0316** commented *Jun 30, 2023*

Thanks for the contribution @robpickerill !
***

