# Add codedeploy 

**robpickerill** commented *Jun 6, 2023*

## Description

Fixes #454 

This PR introduces the ability to nuke CodeDeploy applications.

## TODOs

- [x] Add tests, I found myself writing a mock for AWS APIs, and had to step back as it was getting complex. I know you like to provision resources and delete them as integration testing, so let me know how you would like me to proceed with testing here.

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [ ] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

- Adds CodeDeploy support


<br />
***


**hongil0316** commented *Jun 10, 2023*

Hey @robpickerill, thanks for raising the PR. Would you be able to write unit test for the `aws/codedeploy_application.go` file you created? 
***

**hongil0316** commented *Jun 10, 2023*

The overall code LGTM. Once you have the unit test, I can trigger the CI test pipeline. Thanks! :) 
***

**robpickerill** commented *Jun 10, 2023*

> The overall code LGTM. Once you have the unit test, I can trigger the CI test pipeline. Thanks! :)

Thanks @hongil0316, tests added, running locally all was working well. Your welcome to kick CI off now and I'll check for any problems.
***

**hongil0316** commented *Jun 28, 2023*

It seems like there's some build failure, not sure if you were able to fix it with new commits

```
aws/aws.go:1698:39: cannot use applications (variable of type []string) as type []*string in assignment
aws/codedeploy_application_types.go:20:9: undefined: awsgo

```
***

**robpickerill** commented *Jun 28, 2023*

>It seems like there's some build failure, not sure if you were able to fix it with new commits

Can you retry for me?
***

**hongil0316** commented *Jun 30, 2023*

Triggered the test pipeline again
***

**hongil0316** commented *Jun 30, 2023*

Test pipeline seems to be good. LGTM
***

**hongil0316** commented *Jun 30, 2023*

Hey @robpickerill, are you making further changes or this is ready for final review? 
***

**robpickerill** commented *Jun 30, 2023*

Good to go, thanks!

Edit: just seen the merge conflicts, I'll fix them in the next hour then good to go.

Edit2: now its good to go, thanks
***

