# add sns filter by name and time

**robpickerill** commented *Jun 26, 2023*

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Fixes #359 and #480.

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

Adds the ability to include/exclude SNS topic by name for nuking. Additionally, the ability to exclude SNS topics by time is also added.

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [ ] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

Adds the ability to include/exclude SNS topic by name for nuking. Additionally, the ability to exclude SNS topics by time is also added.

### Migration Guide

<!-- Important: If you made any backward incompatible changes, then you must write a migration guide! -->


<br />
***


**robpickerill** commented *Jun 27, 2023*

Note, I wanted to switch SNS over entirely to aws go SDK v2, as it uses both v1 and v2, but this PR is already quite large and I'll switch over to v2 in a separate PR
***

**flichtenheld** commented *Jun 28, 2023*

FTR, I have tested the change in our environment and have verified that it fixes #480 for us. Thanks.
***

**hongil0316** commented *Jun 28, 2023*

Tests looking good. Let's merge it in
***

