# Add Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka

**robpickerill** commented *Jul 7, 2023*

## Description

Fixes #444.

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Add integration tests.
- [x] Update the docs.
- [ ] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [ ] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [ ] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [ ] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

Added Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka



<br />
***


**hongil0316** commented *Aug 22, 2023*

Hey @robpickerill, I'm so sorry for the delayed response. 
I completed refactoring the code and it may require a bit more conflict resolution to submit this. 

Since there are quite a bit of things change, I can also take this on for completion whenever I get the chance. 
Sorry about that. 
***

**hongil0316** commented *Aug 29, 2023*

Hey @robpickerill, since there's quite a bit of merge conflict you would have to do, I spawned off another PR for you here - https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/pull/574. 
***

