# Mocking AWS Calls for Unit Testing for API Gateway

**hongil0316** commented *Jul 12, 2023*

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Making changes in code to have proper unit testing without calling AWS API - https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/developer/mocking-out-then-aws-sdk-for-go-for-unit-testing/. 

Currently, we call AWS API within unit tests and it causes several problems: 
* QuotaLimit
* Timeout

Also, I believe we can reduce the code inside `GetAllResources` function significantly with the new pattern of encapsulating "get resource" logic inside the ResourceType. Afterall, a better name for `ResourceType` would be just `Resource` but will make changes incrementally once this change looks good for everyone. 

Tackling issue: https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/issues/494

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [x] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Added / Removed / Updated [X].

Updated [Mocking AWS Calls for Unit Testing for API Gateway]

### Migration Guide

<!-- Important: If you made any backward incompatible changes, then you must write a migration guide! -->


<br />
***


