# Introduce Client & Region in each Resource Type + Config Resource type & name changes for consistency

**hongil0316** commented *Jul 20, 2023*



<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Backward Incompatible Changes, including config name & resource type & resource names changes for consistency. 
* inconsistency in naming (e..g,  sometime use plural, sometime use singular)

Part of https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/issues/494. 

TODO: make necessary changes in `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs. 

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Added / Removed / Updated [X].

Updated [Introduce Client & Region in each Resource Type + Config Resource type & name changes for consistency]

### Migration Guide

Looking at the README page, users would have to change the resource type & name mapping in their configuration file, If they were using the configuration file to run cloud-nuke. 

<!-- Important: If you made any backward incompatible changes, then you must write a migration guide! -->


<br />
***


