# Implement Init Methods on All Resource Types + Refactor GetAll and ListAll methods

**hongil0316** commented *Aug 14, 2023*

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

As part of https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/issues/494. 
There are several changes included in this PR: 
* Methods with a value receiver cannot modify the receiver object. They work with a copy of the receiver, so any changes made to the receiver within the method will not affect the original object. Therefore, I changed to a pointer receiver for each resource type method. 
* To refactor the initialization logic, implemented the initialization method in each resource types
* Refactor GetAll & ListAll operations -- now we only need to include the new resource type in the registry file. 

<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [x] Update the docs.
- [x] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [x] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [x] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [x] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Added / Removed / Updated [X].

Updated [Implement Init Methods on All Resource Types + Refactor GetAll and ListAll methods]

### Migration Guide

<!-- Important: If you made any backward incompatible changes, then you must write a migration guide! -->


<br />
***


