# Fix dependency violation errors when deleting EC2 VPC resource types

**hongil0316** commented *Sep 24, 2023*

<!-- Prepend '[WIP]' to the title if this PR is still a work-in-progress. Remove it when it is ready for review! -->

## Description

Fixes https://github.com/gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke/issues/584. 
However, some VPC requires to run the cloud-nuke operations twice to delete completely. Some of the errors I couldn't resolve with this change: 
*   ERROR   Failed to nuke vpc with err: DependencyViolation: Network vpc-00db40ad268a8758a has some mapped public address(es). Please unmap those public address(es) before detaching the gateway.
*   ERROR   Failed to nuke vpc with err: DependencyViolation: The subnet 'subnet-0ba8f9c12269ecc6c' has dependencies and cannot be deleted.

The first error goes away when I run it the second time. 
The second error seems to be legit error that subnet is being used in other instances. The caller would have to cleanup other resources (dependent) before nuking vpc. 


<!-- Description of the changes introduced by this PR. -->

## TODOs

Read the [Gruntwork contribution guidelines](https://gruntwork.notion.site/Gruntwork-Coding-Methodology-02fdcd6e4b004e818553684760bf691e).

- [ ] Update the docs.
- [ ] Run the relevant tests successfully, including pre-commit checks.
- [ ] Ensure any 3rd party code adheres with our [license policy](https://www.notion.so/gruntwork/Gruntwork-licenses-and-open-source-usage-policy-f7dece1f780341c7b69c1763f22b1378) or delete this line if its not applicable.
- [ ] Include release notes. If this PR is backward incompatible, include a migration guide.
- [ ] Attention Grunts - if this PR adds support for a new resource, ensure the `nuke_sandbox` and `nuke_phxdevops` jobs in `.circleci/config.yml` have been updated with appropriate exclusions (either directly in the job or via the `.circleci/nuke_config.yml` file) to prevent nuking IAM roles, groups, resources, etc that are important for the test accounts.


## Release Notes (draft)

<!-- One-line description of the PR that can be included in the final release notes. -->
Added / Removed / Updated [X].

### Migration Guide

<!-- Important: If you made any backward incompatible changes, then you must write a migration guide! -->


<br />
***


